docs(tutorials): add pull-over and pull-out scenario in tutorials page (#514)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/tutorials/ad-hoc-simulation/planning-simulation.md

[Reference video tutorials](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bs_dX1JJ76qHk-SGvS6YF9gmekkN8fz7/view?usp=sharing)

### Driving across a crosswalk

When driving across a crosswalk, ego vehicle will respond to objects on the crosswalk and the traffic light.

#### Unsignalized crosswalk

> To pass through an unsignalized crosswalk, the ego vehicle will first slow down and stop for a safety check. Once safety is confirmed, the vehicle will proceed.

Reviewer: If there is no obstacle around the cross walk, does the ego really slow down?

Reviewer: Resolved by https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/514/commits/8d3d16d770583c58fc2e14967f0a39d8effcf642

1. Set an initial pose and a goal pose of the ego vehicle driving across an unsignalized crosswalk. A path will be planned.

   ![unsignalized-placing-ego-vehicle](images/planning/passing-crosswalk/unsignalized-placing-ego-vehicle.png)

2. Place a dummy pedestrian on the crosswalk and set its pose as if it is crossing the street.

   ![unsignalized-crosswalk-start](images/planning/passing-crosswalk/unsignalized-crosswalk-start.png)

3. Engage the ego vehicle. The ego vehicle will decelerate and stop before the crosswalk. The marked **crosswalk** in the figure indicates that the stopping behavior is casued by the objects on the **crosswalk**.

   ![unsignalized-crosswalk-stop](images/planning/passing-crosswalk/unsignalized-crosswalk-stop.png)

> 4. Wait for about three seconds. The ego vehicle will start moving again and cross the crosswalk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Wait for about a few seconds. The ego vehicle will start moving again and cross the crosswalk.
```

Actually, the time to wait for the pedestrian depends the project requirement. It is better to blur the time.

   ![unsignalized-crosswalk-move-again](images/planning/passing-crosswalk/unsignalized-crosswalk-move-again.png)

#### Signalized crosswalk

> 1. Set the ego vehicle and a dummy pedestrian at an intersection, similar to the previous scenario. Given that the traffic light is `GREEN` by default, the ego vehicle behaves as it does at an unsignalized crosswalk, decelerating and stopping.

Reviewer: Do you mean the traffic light you said here is the pedestrian traffic light where a pedestrian will walk?

> 1. Set the ego vehicle and a dummy pedestrian at an intersection, similar to the previous scenario. Given that the traffic light for vehicles are `GREEN` by default, the ego vehicle behaves as it does at an unsignalized crosswalk, decelerating and stopping.

Reviewer: Please check if the ego vehicle really behaves like that.

#### Unsignalized crosswalk

> To pass through an unsignalized crosswalk, if the crosswalk is free of obstacles, the ego vehicle will cross it without slowing down. However, if obstacles are present, the ego vehicle will slow down and stop for a safety check. Once it's safe to proceed, the ego vehicle will continue its journey.

Reviewer: It will be more clear if you follow the words on the official document.
- According to [the document](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware.universe/main/planning/behavior_velocity_crosswalk_module/), we say target objects instead of obstacles.
- According to the document, we say yield decision instead of safety check.
